README.md, before:

# Hide Discord Sidebar

Chrome extension to hide Discord servers and channels

[![Chrome Web Store](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/users/kaaohmdnmbdagpnenakakpkinddjmenp)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hide-discord-sidebar/kaaohmdnmbdagpnenakakpkinddjmenp)
[![Chrome Webstore Rating](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/rating/kaaohmdnmbdagpnenakakpkinddjmenp)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hide-discord-sidebar/kaaohmdnmbdagpnenakakpkinddjmenp)
[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)
![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/patrickxchong/hide-discord-sidebar.svg?style=social&label=Star)
![GitHub watchers](https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/patrickxchong/hide-discord-sidebar.svg?style=social&label=Watch)

![Image of Hide Discord Sidebar](./images/hide-discord-sidebar.png)

Hide Discord Sidebar is a Chrome extension that minimizes the channels list into a small left sidebar when it is not in use and installs a button on the top right corner to hide/show the Discord server list. Users are able to customise the extension with the popup that shows when the extension button is clicked.

IMPORTANT: This extension is only meant to work on Discord in Chromium based browsers. Tested and working on Windows, Mac and Linux versions of Brave Browser and Chrome.

[![Image of Chrome Store Badge](./images/chrome-webstore.png)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hide-discord-sidebar/kaaohmdnmbdagpnenakakpkinddjmenp?hl=en)

## Support this project
[![ko-fi](https://www.ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/patrickxchong)

## Copying

This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0 or later - see the [COPYING](COPYING) file for details

Commit message:

docs: update README with firefox link

README.md, after:

# Hide Discord Sidebar

Chrome and Firefox extension to hide Discord servers and channels

[![Chrome Web Store](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/users/kaaohmdnmbdagpnenakakpkinddjmenp)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hide-discord-sidebar/kaaohmdnmbdagpnenakakpkinddjmenp)
[![Chrome Web Store](https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/rating/kaaohmdnmbdagpnenakakpkinddjmenp?label=Chrome)](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hide-discord-sidebar/kaaohmdnmbdagpnenakakpkinddjmenp)
[![Mozilla Add-ons](https://img.shields.io/amo/rating/hide-discord-sidebar?label=Firefox)](https://addons.mozilla.org/firefox/addon/hide-discord-sidebar/)
[![License: GPL v3](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-GPLv3-blue.svg)](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0)
![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/patrickxchong/hide-discord-sidebar.svg?style=social&label=Star)
![GitHub watchers](https://img.shields.io/github/watchers/patrickxchong/hide-discord-sidebar.svg?style=social&label=Watch)

![Image of Hide Discord Sidebar](./images/hide-discord-sidebar.png)

<a href="https://bit.ly/Hide-Discord-Bar"><img src="./images/chrome-webstore.png" alt="Get Hide Discord Sidebar for Chromium"
width="200px"></a>
<a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/addon/hide-discord-sidebar/"><img src="./images/firefox-get-addon.png" alt="Get Hide Discord Sidebar for Firefox" width="200px"></a>

Hide Discord Sidebar minimizes the channels list into a small left sidebar when it is not in use and installs a button on the top right corner to hide/show the Discord server list. Users are able to customise the extension with the popup that shows when the extension button is clicked.

IMPORTANT: This extension is only meant to work on Discord in browsers (discord.com), not the Discord desktop app.

## Support this project

[![ko-fi](https://www.ko-fi.com/img/githubbutton_sm.svg)](https://ko-fi.com/patrickxchong)

## Copying

This project is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0 or later - see the [COPYING](COPYING) file for details
